Connect docs: Add section about insecure mode (#15115)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/use-teleport/teleport-connect.mdx

Teleport Connect updates and caches the local shell environment on app restart and not when starting
a new shell session. If you add new environment variables to your shell startup files, Connect will
see them only after you restart the app.

### Insecure mode

> The insecure mode skips the verification of the HTTPS certificate when talking to a proxy service of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open Teleport Connect in insecure mode, which skips HTTPS certificate verification when talking to a Teleport Proxy Service.
```
Suggested a way to tighten this up a bit. Also capitalizing Proxy Service since it's a product name.

Author: Yeah, we can go with Teleport Proxy Service. I used "a proxy service of a Teleport Cluster" because I wasn't sure if a regular end user of Teleport will know that "proxy service" means the thing Connect hits after you provide the URL for a cluster.

> a Teleport cluster. This is useful in test environments or for demo purposes. We do not recommend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful in test environments or for demo purposes. We do not recommend
```
We'll need to do this if we accept the suggestion above

using this mode in production.

> To launch the app in the insecure mode, open a terminal first. From there you can launch the app in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch the app in insecure mode, open a terminal first. From there you can launch the app in
```

> one of the two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one of two ways:
```
